#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrreprt
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language swedish
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.5cm
\rightmargin 2.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Addchap

\lang english
Abstract
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
thispagestyle{empty}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Even though vibration measurement is not a new phenomenon, many businesses
 still remain sceptical towards the somewhat abstract method.
 Same scepticism does not exist when you visit the doctor uses his stethoscope
 to listen after abnormalities in the sound pattern, even though the similaritie
s are striking.
 With todays technology it is possible to diagnose a machines different
 parts in search for damages by analysing the unique vibrationpatterns they
 provide.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This study aims to close this gap with the help off an introduction to the
 different terms and choices that exist in vibration analysis as a tool
 in preventive maintenance and finally to present guidelines for implementation
 where economy and availability is considered most pivotal for future decisions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

%
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Addchap
Sammanfattning
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
thispagestyle{empty}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Vibrationsmätning är inget nytt fenomén men många företag anser sig ändå
 skeptiska till den abstrakta metoden.
 Samma skeptisism finns inte vid ett läkarbesök där doktorn lyssnar efter
 oljud med sitt stetoskop, ändå är likheterna slående.
 Med dagens teknik är det möjligt att diagnostisera en maskins olika beståndsdel
ar efter skador genom att analysera det unika vibrationsmönster de bidrar
 med.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Detta arbete syftar att minska denna barriär med hjälp av en introduktion
 till de olika begrepp och val som finns inom vibrationsteknisk analys 
 som hjälpmedel för underhåll.
 Slutligen presenteras en implementeringsmall där ekonomi och tillgänglighet
 anses vara mest vital inför framtida beslut.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
